persisted-queries: update for safelisting improvements in Router v1.28 (#526)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/operations/persisted-queries.mdx

> **Never use an operation's _name_ for its PQL ID.** Different clients (or even different versions of the _same_ client) might execute different operations with the same name, and _all_ of those distinct operations should be present in your PQL.

### Ensuring consistent operation documents

Whenever a client sends an operation string to a router with safelisting enabled, the router checks for that operation string's presence in its persisted query list.

> When comparing an incoming freeform GraphQL document to the registered operations in its persisted query, the router **ignores some aspects** of the document that have no semantic impact:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When comparing an incoming freeform GraphQL document to the registered operations in its PQL, the router **ignores some aspects** of the document that have no semantic impact:
```

I'm guessing persisted query list was meant here.

- [Ignored tokens](http://spec.graphql.org/draft/#sec-Language.Source-Text.Ignored-Tokens) such as white space, comments, and commas are ignored.

> - The order of **top-level** definitions (operation and fragment definitions) is ignored. (This means that when assembling a full GraphQL document from its operation and fragments, there's no need to ensure that fragments are put in the same order at build time and at run time.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The order of **top-level** definitions (operation and fragment definitions) is ignored. This means that when assembling a full GraphQL document from its operation and fragments, there's no need to ensure that fragments are put in the same order at build time and at run time.
```

I generally try to avoid parentheses for [these reasons](https://developers.google.com/style/parentheses).

Author: Good link. I did consider this as more of an aside — a justification for making this particular choice and not others. But even given that, the parentheses don't add much.
